---
layout: post

date: 2018-05-17 16:16:01 -0600
category: [About]
permalink: About/Our_Story

title: "Our Story"
blurb: "230,000 middle and high school students nationwide aspire to be future engineers, scientists and technologists through the Technology Student Association."

featuredLinks: ["name", "url", "name", "url"]
featuredLinks_Urls: ["url", "url", "url", "url"]

featuredFiles: ["name", "url", "name", "url"]
featuredFiles_Urls: ["url", "url", "url", "url"]
---

### Our Story
230,000 middle and high school students nationwide aspire to be future engineers, scientists and technologists through the Technology Student Association.    230,000 middle and high school students nationwide aspire to be future engineers, scientists and technologists through the Technology Student Association.     230,000 middle and high school students nationwide aspire to be future engineers, scientists and technologists through the Technology Student Association.     230,000 middle and high school students nationwide aspire to be future engineers, scientists and technologists through the Technology Student Association.230,000 middle and high school students nationwide aspire to be future engineers, scientists and technologists through the Technology Student Association. 230,000 middle and high school students nationwide aspire to be future engineers, scientists and technologists through the Technology Student Association.230,000 middle and high school students nationwide aspire to be future engineers, scientists and technologists through the Technology Student Association. 230,000 middle and high school students nationwide aspire to be future engineers, scientists and technologists through the Technology Student Association. 230,000 middle and high school students nationwide aspire to be future engineers, scientists and technologists through the Technology Student Association. 230,000 middle and high school students nationwide aspire to be future engineers, scientists and technologists through the Technology Student Association.230,000 middle and high school students nationwide aspire to be future engineers, scientists and technologists through the Technology Student Association.   230,000 middle and high school students nationwide aspire to be future engineers, scientists and technologists through the Technology Student Association. 230,000 middle and high school students nationwide aspire to be future engineers, scientists and technologists through the Technology Student Association.230,000 middle and high school students nationwide aspire to be future engineers, scientists and technologists through the Technology Student Association. 230,000 middle and high school students nationwide aspire to be future engineers, scientists and technologists through the Technology Student Association.
